Interviewer: Thank you for joining our product research session today.
Interviewer: Can you tell us about your experience with AI-powered analytics tools?
User_Sarah: Sure, I've been using various analytics platforms for about 5 years now.
User_Sarah: The biggest challenge we face is getting actionable insights from all the data we collect.
User_Sarah: Most tools give us charts and graphs, but they don't tell us what actions to take.
Interviewer: What would make an analytics tool more valuable for your team?
User_Sarah: We need AI that can automatically identify trends and suggest next steps.
User_Sarah: Something that can process multiple data sources and find correlations we might miss.
User_Sarah: And honestly, we spend way too much time creating reports manually.
Interviewer: How much time does your team currently spend on analytics and reporting?
User_Sarah: Probably 15-20 hours per week across the whole team just for basic reporting.
User_Sarah: If we could automate that and focus on strategic decisions instead, it would be huge.
User_Sarah: The AI analytics needs to be smart enough to surface anomalies and opportunities.
Interviewer: What's your biggest frustration with current analytics solutions?
User_Sarah: They're too generic. Every company gets the same dashboards and metrics.
User_Sarah: We need AI that learns our business context and provides personalized insights.
User_Sarah: Also, the integration between different tools is terrible.
User_Sarah: We have data in five different places and no unified view.
Interviewer: Thank you for sharing those insights. This has been very helpful.